Umbrella is comfort, rain is life! You must often leave comfort to touch the life!
If you don't remember your umbrella even when it rains, you'll never remember it!
One of the rain's greatest magic is that it suddenly makes thousands of umbrellas appear out of nowhere!
It was never about being the one with the umbrella,it was always about facing the storm without it.
No umbrella’s colour matters under torrential rain!
Not the one who does not have an umbrella, but the one who does not like the rain, gets wet most under the rain!
If you love your umbrella so much, make him happy, walk around in the rain with it!
If you do not want it to rain, always carry an umbrella.
My dreams are a stupid refuge, like an umbrella against a thunderbolt.
Never leave your home without an umbrella to stay safe and stay happy.
When life gives you rain, put on a cute rain jacket and matching boots.
I really like umbrellas. It’s like, I have a roof! I carry it with me!
No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella and survive the storm together.
I like people who smile when it’s raining.
Nothing can rain on my parade.
Umbrellas are so small and sad and easy to forget.
Don’t let a man put anything over on you except an umbrella.
An open umbrella is just a closed beautiful sky.
Umbrellas in beautiful colors have the power to paint the world colorful.
I don’t trust people who say they don’t like rain.
Rain, rain, go away. Come again another day.
Umbrella on her shoulder, piece of paper in her hand. She goes a-marching to the captain, says, I want my man.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Rain showers my spirit and waters my soul.
The nicest thing about the rain is that it always stops. Eventually.
Bring a raincoat, definitely, or at least a little umbrella that can fit in your bag, because it always does rain.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Buy the most beautiful umbrella so that when you walk out, everyone notices it.
Nothing can rain on my parade today.
When two men share an umbrella, both of them get wet.
Being soaked alone is cold. Being soaked with your best friend is an adventure.
The mind is like an umbrella.. it only works when it is open.
Umbrella can stop the rain but make us stand in rain. Confidence may not bring success but it gives the power to face any challenge.
Walk with a lovely umbrella and you will look the prettiest.
Sharing an umbrella will always make you wet.
Running down the beach with your umbrella. Playing like kids in the sand. Blue skies and butterflies. We are two together.
It’s a big enough umbrella, but it’s always me that ends up getting wet.
Worrying is stupid. It’s like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.
What did one raindrop say to the other? Two’s a company, three’s a cloud.
Prayer is asking for rain and faith is carrying the umbrella.
Seemed to be raining coins last night. I suspect that’s what they mean by some change in the weather.
Now that it’s raining more than ever, know that we’ll still have each other. You can stand under my umbrella.
I judge how much a man cares for a woman by the space he allots her under a jointly shared umbrella when raining.
Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof.
Let a smile be your umbrella, and you'll end up with a face full of rain.
I didn't invent the rainy day. I just own the best umbrella.
When you are caught in the heavy rains of anger, open the umbrella of mind, take refuge under the roof of reason!
Love me. Love my umbrella.
I really like umbrellas. It's like, I have a roof! I carry it with me! Umbrellas always amuse me.
Girl, it's an umbrella, not a Lamborghini.
It's a big enough umbrella, but it's always me that ends up getting wet.
Going around under an umbrella interferes with one's looking up at the sky.
Rain never understands why people hide under their umbrellas! Let us make a surprise to the rain by closing our umbrellas!
When there are no clouds in the sky, under the beautiful sunshine, remember the rain and repair your umbrella!
Life is a shitstorm, in which art is our only umbrella."
